

Latest TeraDAR updates (2025):
Managed entire AMS architecture from conception to tapeout to test/bringup. 
Designed CMOS blocks (already listed - BGR, LDO, SAR ADC, muxes, LVDS drivers, SerDes PHY, low speed DACs, level shifters, amplifiers.  
Very familiar with typical RFIC blocks, though not involved in design: mixers, LNA, PA, phase shifters, filters, etc. Primarily responsible for their integraiton into the overall system. Started the effort on verilog-AMS, SV RNM models of RF blocks in frequency domain - in progress. 
Utilized Analog Design Toolkit (ADT) for automation of core amplifier blocks. 
Maintain AFE system specification. Extensive cross-functional collaboration with ADC/FPGA/Co-design/IP teams. 
Expert at translating requirements into specifications and practical designs.
Managed place & route across multiple projects - SPI, digital controllers, ADC SARs, SRAM, level shifters, etc. 
Lab testing/bringup
Validation - currently drafting entire validation plan for upcoming engineering samples & production ATE. 
Very well acquainted with ISO26262, ISO21434, AEC-Q100 requirements - architected design according to standard. 

Chips:
Currently lead entire AMS architecture for both TX and RX RFICs, including IP selection, AFE development, digital controls, memory, clocks, diagnostics, etc. 
2023:Led development of a 65nm multi-channel AFE/ADC chip with SerDes output.
Assisted with various breakout tapeouts of RFIC test structures. 
Current: Architected and lead outsourced development of entire high speed GHz multiplexed ADC chip - 16nm FFC. . Architected UCIe die-to-die link capable of supporting 250+ Gbps bandwidth
Current key architectural contributor to 8nm digital SOC chip currently in development.

Packaging
Architected complex MCM package incoporating AMS and digital SoCs with high speed interconnect and massive IF fanout. 
Led advanced modeling effort on many domains of SI/PI, including IF routing SI, PI (IR-drop, PDN), clock distribution, high speed UCIe interconnect.
Heavily involved in selecting packaging vendors, stackups, to optimize cost and performance with ISO26262 constraints. 

Software
Architected cross-functional C APIs and gold standard XML data structures to unify verification, test/bringup, and production software systems.
Proficient in Python, C++, C, MATLAB, Verilog, Verilog-A, SKILL, OCEAN. Wrote a lot of Python for various ASIC development tasks. 
Familiar with a wide variety of web-based languages, though only consider myself a vibe coder :) 
Adept with software development tools, especially AI coding tools. 
Adept with version control for RTL development, CI/CD pipelines. 
Adept with Linux environment and shell scripting. 

