Company logo
View all jobs
Analog & Mixed Signal Architect
Headquarters • Remote
Software
Remote • Remote
Full-time
Sphere Semi is a new type of semiconductor company that leverages state-of-the-art AI techniques to enable a single analog designer to do the work of twenty. Our AI system acts as a multiplier, enabling us to produce better performing, custom, and production-grade designs at scale with a small team. We have paying commercial customers, ~$20m of funding, and have solved some of the key outstanding problems in making this technology possible.

We are seeking an Analog & Mixed Signal Architect to take a leadership role in building and defining our mixed signal design strategy and work collaboratively with our AI system, from concept through design generation, verification, and beyond.

Key Responsibilities:
Define the mixed signal roadmap: You will work closely with the founders and VPs to build out a technical roadmap that balances technical capability with our customer strategy.
Oversee design and verification: Own mixed-signal subsystem architecture, actively participate in hands-on engineering tasks (design, bring-up, debug, and characterization), conception through production. Lead design and validation of key building blocks: comparators, amplifiers, sample-and-hold, references, and clocking circuits. You will be responsible for ensuring the smooth integration of these analog and digital components into full chip designs.
Define critical design parameters: Establish key design variables, constraints, and test benches that will guide our AI-driven design automation system. Your goal will be to ensure that the system generates meaningful, manufacturable results, while filtering outputs through human review as needed.
Mentorship & Cross-functional collaboration: Work closely with AI engineers, software developers, and chip designers to ensure automated tools produce meaningful and manufacturable results. Mentor and review work of design engineers, raising the technical bar across the team. You’ll also work closely with customers and adapt to various processes, technologies and project needs.
Adapt to and implement new tools: You will be familiar with standard EDA analog and RF toolsets (Cadence, Keysight, etc.) but also be expected to adapt to and work with new and evolving workflows and frameworks.

Qualifications:
Ph.D. (Preferred) or Master’s in Electrical Engineering, with 10+ years of analog/mixed-signal IC design experience.
Track record of successful tape-outs: Demonstrated experience participating in projects that resulted in functional analog/mixed signal chips in production.
Experience with digital integration: Familiarity with mixed signal chips that involve close integration between digital and analog components.
Tool flexibility: Strong knowledge of industry-standard tools, with an openness towards embracing new methodologies and tools beyond traditional EDA.
Leadership: Demonstrated leadership in guiding design teams and reviewing complex mixed-signal circuits.
Experience with AI-driven or novel design flows is a strong plus.
Preference for US citizens or green card holders. 

Why Join Us
Be part of a company reinventing semiconductor design with AI-driven automation.
Work on cutting-edge mixed-signal architectures with real-world impact.
Influence technology roadmaps and shape the future of chip design.
Collaborative, forward-looking environment where engineers and AI co-design the future of silicon.